			    UW Version 4.2
			    31 January 1988

This is version 4.2 of UW, a multiple-window interface to UNIX for
the Macintosh computer.  The distribution for UW consists of two
binary files for the Macintosh (in BinHex 4.0 format) and a number
of source files for the (BSD) UNIX server.

The distribution includes the following directories:

	h	- all UW include files
	server	- source code for the UW server
	lib	- source code for the UW programmer's library
	utility	- source code for miscellaneous utility programs
	doc	- [nt]roff documentation (-ms and -man formats)
	hqx	- Macintosh binary files
	misc	- other things of possible interest

The two Macintosh files are "uw.hqx", which is the executable binary
and "uw.doc.hqx", which is a MacWrite-format document describing the
Macintosh user interface.

UW was developed alternately on a Sun 3 and 4.3BSD VAX.  It also
has been tested (more briefly) on a Sun 2 (release 2.0), Integrated
Solutions VME 68020 (release 3.05), and a Pyramid. It depends quite a
bit upon BSD-specific features such as interprocess communication and
will not run without modification on a System V UNIX system.

This distribution, like the version 3.4 distribution, includes
make files for both 4.2BSD and 4.3BSD.  The choice of make files
and other configuration options is determined by the top-level
"Makefile".  Comments in that file describe the configuration options.

A "make install" in the top-level directory will compile and install
all of the (UNIX) pieces of the UW distribution.  As distributed,
this will create a link between the directory name "/usr/include/uw"
and the "h" subdirectory and will create a "/usr/local/bin/libuw.a"
library file.  These two steps allow application program to use
	#include <uw/uwlib.h>
and
	cc -o xyzzy xyzzy.o -luw
for greater convenience in creating programs that use the UW library.

If you do not have the "getopt" library routine, you will find the
source in "misc/getopt.c"  This source code was publicly distributed by
AT&T and is also available in the "mod.sources" archive.  You should
compile it and install it in your machine's "/lib/libc.a"  (Note that
since it uses "strchr", you should compile it on a BSD system with the
command "cc -O -c getopt.c -Dstrchr=index".)  [Sorry, I can't find a
manual page which I can (legally) include.]  If you can't change
"libc.a", then you should add it to the makefiles in the "server"
and "lib" directories.

Version 4.2 is primarily a maintenance release.  Because of constraints
on the author's time, few things have changed since version 4.1.  Some
of the differences are:

    1)	UW v4.2 is compatible with Multifinder.  It understands background
	events, so it can receive input and update windows even when
	another application's window is active.

    2)	Some problems relating to keyboard mapping have been fixed.
	UW recognizes the Control and ESC keys.  The mapping for the
	numeric keypad still seems to be incomplete.  The author is
	hampered by the fact that his development machine still has
	its original 512K Mac keyboard.  (He dislikes the Mac+ and
	SE keyboards.)

    3)	A new window type -- plot -- has been defined.  This type of
	window can only be created by the host.  It interprets output
	in UNIX v7 plot(5) format.

    4)	Windows may use 7, 9, 10, or 12 point fixed-width fonts.
	UW includes non-Apple-copyrighted Mishawaka fonts for these sizes.

UW is not public domain.  It is copyrighted.  However, permission to
copy UW is given provided that the copies are not sold and that the
copyright notices are retained.
